[storm raging]
[earth rumbling]
[monsters stampede]
[gasps]
Is it the dragon?
No. Luster Grizzlies
at 2 o'clock!
It's a whole pack!
They're kicking up the snow!
[SOLDAT]
[grunts] How many?
[RUDEUS]
Eight?
No, ten!
They know we're here,
and they're headed straight
for us!
-Get ready!
-[all gasp]
Spread out, guys!
Quagmire, get down here!
We need you!
[RUDEUS]
Yes, sir!
-[SOLDAT] Quagmire!
-[RUDEUS] Yep!
[monsters growling]
-Hold!
-[grunts]
-[SOLDAT] Charge!
-[all shouting]
[adventurer 204B grunting]
[Soldat grunting]
[monster growls]
-[monster growls]
-[explodes]
[thuds]
[monsters whimper]
[scoffs]
[wings flapping]
-[dragon shrieking]
-[adventurer 204E gasps]
Hey, it's the Red Dragon!
Look out!
That's what the bears
were running from--
[screams]
[dragon growls]
[dragon shrieking]
Hey, Quagmire,
what the hell is this?
You better not have been
slacking off!
I couldn't see it
through that cloud of snow!
[grunts]
[yells]
-[dragon growling]
-[rumbling]
Damn it! Retreat! Now!
♪
[RUDEUS]
I'll conjure a smoke screen!
Everyone split up!
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[dragon roaring]
[fire blasting]
[Rudeus panting]
[explodes]
-[wind rushing]
-[fire blazing]
♪
[spell blasting]
[dragon shrieking]
[all gasp]
Whoa! Pinned it.
[staff sparkling]
[dragon shrieking]
[rumbling]
[all gasp]
-[sighs] He got it.
-[all cheering]
-[scoffs]
-[ADVENTURER 204H] He got it!
Nice going.
[cart rumbling]
You really
are something special, Quagmire,
-you know that?
-You weren't kidding
about traveling
the Demon Continent, huh?
Yeah, for real, I can't believe
you actually beat that thing.
Well,
it was pretty weak already.
Say, Quagmire,
don't you think
it's about damn time
you joined our party for real?
You fit right in,
and I know you don't mind
our company too terribly.
Yeah, but once I make a name
for myself out here,
I'll have to move on again.
Sorry, but I still need
to find my mother.
[RUDEUS]
Thank you for protecting me
out there today.
♪
[panting]
[grunting]
[Rudeus sighs]
[Rudeus gasps]
[chuckles]
[MINSTREL 204A]
And then, it appeared!
A giant red dragon!
But when it seemed
as though all hope was lost,
he ensnared the great beast
inside his namesake,
a quagmire.
And dropped a massive boulder
on the struggling Wyrm--
[PATRON 204A]
Boring! Tell a different one!
[PATRON 204B] Yeah!
You're ruining good liquor!
[RUDEUS]
That's not very nice.
The hero of the story
is sitting right here.
[clears throat]
-[door creaking]
-[chomps]
[gasps]
♪
[ELINALISE]
I've finally found you,
"Quagmire Rudeus."
-Uh...
-[door slams]
[PATRON 204A] Shit!
He was sitting right there!
Yes, ma'am,
you've tracked me down at last.
[RUDEUS]
I have no idea who this lady is.
Yeah,
you stick out like a sore thumb,
just like she said you would.
[RUDEUS]
I haven't been trying to hide.
Yes, well, I assumed
you would be farther out east.
♪
[RUDEUS] What is this,
love at first sight?
Or is she just after my body?
I have gotten manlier lately.
Plenty of muscle these days,
et cetera.
I'm still a growing boy,
after all!
-[RUDEUS] What's wrong?
-Oh! Nothing, nothing at all.
[PATRON 204C]
Who knew Quagmire had a woman?
[musicians hum]
[guitar plays]
♪
My name is Elinalise Dragonroad.
You may know this.
But in case you don't,
I used to be
in the same adventuring party
as your father, Paul.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yes, indeed.
I'm also a friend of Roxy's.
-[slams]
-Really?
You know my master?
Where is she these days?
That can wait.
Let's talk about you.
I heard you brought down
a Red Wyrm all by yourself.
Yes, although
it was half-dead already.
[ELINALISE] I can see
why Roxy boasts about you.
Does she really?
That's very flattering to hear,
if a little embarra--
And you're touching me.
You don't mind, do you?
My, how strong you are.
Sorry, I'm kind of confused.
Do you have a "thing" for me,
by any chance?
Oh, yes! You're so muscular.
Exactly my type,
you're a real man!
I had expected you would be
more of a child, still.
Mm-hm.
Okay.
Well,
you're quite lovely yourself,
Miss Elinalise.
[RUDEUS] Hah!
Her teasing won't fluster me!
I'm not some virgin!
[moans]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
Whoa, wait.
She's putting out
some serious vibes, here.
Uh... You know what?
Okay! Let's do this thing!
-[puckering up]
-Oh? My goodness.
However did you come by
this pendant?
It's rough, but it's charming.
Oh, that was a gift
from a friend.
[ELINALISE]
A "friend"?
Were they Elvish?
[RUDEUS]
Huh? Uh, yeah, she is.
Uh, why do you ask?
[RUDEUS]
No, there goes my shot!
[ELINALISE]
No real reason, just curious.
Here, look at this.
We match.
I guess we do.
[ELINALISE]
But I forget myself.
-Do excuse the come-on.
-[sighs]
[RUDEUS] I wish
you wouldn't tease me like that.
[ELINALISE]
Oh, dear boy,
if there's one thing I never do,
it's tease.
But I have no intention
of becoming
Paul's daughter-in-law
by any means,
and I would prefer
to remain friends with Roxy.
[sighs]
So, I take it
you have some business
here with me, then.
Yes.
I've come to bring you
a bit of good news.
Have you, now?
[panting]
[RUDEUS]
That day,
I learned where Zenith was,
the labyrinth city of Rapa
on the Begaritt Continent,
far to the south,
the other side of the world.
Traveling there on foot
from the Northern Territories
could take a year,
maybe more.
Besides, winter is coming.
I'll have to stay put
for the time being,
but I shouldn't have anything
to worry about.
According to Elinalise,
Zenith is having
a grand old time
going dungeon-diving.
And...
[ELINALISE]
Don't fall over yourself
to leave just yet.
We met Roxy while searching
for your family
and only split up
once we found where Zenith was.
She and the others should have
joined up with Paul
in Millishion by now
and made their way down
to Begaritt to get her.
So you can relax, okay?
Wait, go back.
My master has been
part of the search party
all this time?
[RUDEUS] Paul doesn't inspire
much confidence,
but if Roxy's there, good.
[sighs]
[Elinalise moaning]
Oh, Rude-ah-us.
Welcome back. Ah.
[RUDEUS] Morning, Elinalise.
I see you're active
bright and early.
[ELINALISE]
"Active"?
I'm... sure I don't know
what you mean by tha--
[Elinalise moaning]
It is pretty cold today, though,
so try not to catch a chill.
[RUDEUS]
Over the past week,
I've learned that Elinalise
is slutty as hell.
Like, damn.
She's got a different man
in her room almost every day.
Sometimes two!
Or three.
[Elinalise moaning]
[RUDEUS]
The woman is a total man-eater.
Not that I'm judging her for it,
of course!
I'd love to participate myself,
but that's just not
going to happen.
Because for two years now,
I've been suffering
from a certain "sickness".
A sickness
of both body and mind.
[Elinalise, Soldat moaning]
[grunting]
[RUDEUS]
In short, it's ED.
And I've given up.
At a certain point, I realized
no one can help me fix this.
And I don't like anyone enough
to keep trying.
If all my attempts at romance
are going to end in betrayal,
I'd rather just admire
from afar.
[Elinalise moaning]
[RUDEUS]
Ugh, I swear I'm not crying!
[sighs]
[gasps]
[Elinalise, Soldat gasp]
Hey, this isn't
what it looks like, Quagmire!
I had no intention of putting
my hands on your woman!
Relax, Sol, it's all right.
Elinalise isn't
and has never been my woman.
Besides, you know I'm not
exactly in working order.
Huh? Oh, yeah, right, I forgot!
Sorry about that,
didn't mean to go rubbing salt
in the wound, there,
or anything.
I know, you're fine.
But it was good?
You had fun, right?
Oh, yeah. She was amazing.
[grunts]
Well, you heard the man,
Elinalise!
Rave reviews.
I know. It's what I do.
I'm proud to say I've never had
a man who's left unsatisfied.
Really? Good for them.
[RUDEUS] A few of the other guys
in Sol's party
have said the same
to me already,
but I'm not entirely sure
they think of her
as a "team effort."
Just do me a favor?
Anything.
You're obviously free
to help yourself to whomever,
but deal with the aftermath
on your own.
Oh, naturally.
Sorry,
what are you talking about?
Nothing, don't you worry.
[smooches] Now, why don't we
get something to eat?
[RUDEUS]
She's shameless.
But she crossed
the Demon Continent with Roxy
and then
made her way here alone,
all for Paul's sake,
so she's got to be
a hell of a warrior.
"With Roxy", that'd be nice.
[RUDEUS] Damn, you two,
can't a guy eat in peace?
Super not jealous or anything,
but how does this woman keep
a harem of dudes around her
and still avoid drama?
I mean, as long as the fallout
doesn't hit me, whatever,
but...
[ELINALISE]
Here you are.
The money I promised you.
Thank you, my lady.
You know, I feel kind of bad
getting paid for something
that felt that good.
Well, stop that.
Just don't get serious about me,
and we're fine.
[RUDEUS] Oh! So this is kind of
a reverse-prostitution thing.
I guess that's okay. Right?
[storm raging]
[Rudeus grunting]
-[knocking on door]
-[Rudeus exhales]
Don't mind me,
just delivering your mail.
Oh. Thank you.
Hm.
[RUDEUS]
"To Lord Rudeus Greyrat.
I hope
this letter finds you well.
I am Jinus, vice principal
of the Ranoa University
of Magic".
Wait a sec. Holy crap!
That's Roxy's alma mater!
"Word of your exploits
as 'Quagmire Rudeus'
has reached us
here in the Kingdom of Ranoa.
I understand you can cast spells
without incantations,
and I've been informed
that you also studied
under Roxy Migurdia,
a King-class water mage."
[ELINALISE]
"Should you have any desire
to hone your magnificent craft
further still,
Ranoa University of Magic
would be honored
to welcome you
as a special student."
Ooh. [giggles]
Sounds important.
[ELINALISE]
"Special students are exempt
from both tuition
and regular class attendance,
but retain full access
to our on-campus libraries
and other facilities
to conduct their own research
as they see fit."
Wow. Sounds like a good deal.
[RUDEUS]
"Would love to meet with you,
thank you for your time
and consideration,
signed God-Knows-Who
from God-Knows-Where".
I am glad someone appreciates
my two years of hard work,
and it's true that my magic's
kind of plateaued,
so I am interested.
But I need to verify
the authenticity of this thing.
♪
[WAITRESS 204A]
Thank you for waiting.
Oh, that "special student"
program.
Good stuff.
So you do know it?
Yeah, I thought I'd heard
that you attended school there.
Can you tell me anything more
about it?
[KONRAD]
Well, I didn't graduate,
I dropped out in my fifth year.
But yeah, the University
will sometimes reach out
to people like you,
who can cast weird spells
or have tons of mana,
but aren't associated
with the Magician's Guild yet.
Then, if they get famous later,
that's good publicity
for the school.
[RUDEUS]
Okay, I guess that tracks.
I do cast weird spells.
And if they do this a lot,
then it's probably
not a total scam.
Wait, so you're telling me,
you've never been to school,
Quagmire?
[RUDEUS]
I had a private tutor.
Wow. Your family must've been
well-off, then.
[RUDEUS]
Sort of.
We have ties
to Asuran high nobility.
[sighs] Right.
Sorry, remind me
of your last name, again?
[RUDEUS]
Greyrat, of the Notos Greyrats.
Oh! Greyrat, huh?
The liege lords of Asura?
What're you doing
as a solo adventurer
way out here, then?
Hm?
Well, my folks...
-Oh, uh...
-I shouldn't have asked.
But they went out of their way
to offer you a pretty good deal.
You might as well go down there
and hear them out, at least.
-You know?
-[RUDEUS] Yeah.
And come to think of it,
the only reason I went
to tutor Eris in the first place
was so I could save up
tuition money.
I'd totally forgotten.
Attending the University
with Sylphiette
was the original goal.
I wonder what she's been up to
all this time.
I hope she's all right.
Ah! Oh!
You should listen to him.
School is a wonderful option,
especially
when the only alternative
would be rejoining Paul.
[RUDEUS]
You think?
I feel like reuniting my family
ought to come first.
[ELINALISE] Paul is eventually
going to bring them all
back to Asura anyway,
just wait
'til they make it back safely
and get settled in,
and then take a shorter trip
to visit them.
[RUDEUS]
You're saying that
because you don't want
to see my father again,
aren't you?
-Guilty as charged.
-[KONRAD] Oh.
[RUDEUS]
Whoa, she must really hate him.
Well, improving my skills
is important.
But attractive
as the University's proposal is,
I don't think I can justify
taking them up on it right now.
[RUDEUS]
Long time no see.
[MAN-GOD]
Yup! Hi.
[RUDEUS] What has it been,
two years now?
I don't feel as nasty
as I did before.
[MAN-GOD]
Aw, you missed me, huh?
That's not what I said.
Although, hey.
I did try to reach out to you
a bunch of times
while I was out
looking for Zenith.
Would it have killed you
to show up for me even once?
I had a lot going on my end.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, yeah?
Well, at least someone
eventually found her.
Just feels like
I lost two whole years over it.
Yeah, sorry.
But I'm glad
you know where she is!
[RUDEUS]
Thanks.
I had no idea Roxy was out there
looking for her, too.
[MAN-GOD] She's
a real go-getter, isn't she?
[RUDEUS]
Yeah, you said it, but...
I hope she gets back
from Begaritt sooner than later,
I can't wait to see her.
Oh, dear.
Are you sure you want
your master
to see how pathetic you are
right now?
[grunts] Hey.
I mean, think about it.
Eris ran out on you,
and when you finally had
a good thing going with Sara,
your little guy
just wouldn't go to bat for you!
Your spellcasting
may have improved a little,
but you're really hitting a wall
lately.
And your swordsmanship
hasn't gotten any better either!
I know you practice every day,
but boy, you don't have much
to show for it.
Sure, you've built some muscle,
but I don't think
you can stand before her
and say with any confidence
that you're a student
to be proud of, Rudy.
Wow, you're really letting me
have it this time, huh?
How about you get to the point
already?
The point is that
you have a chance to shape up!
Attend the University,
and I can promise you this:
you'll learn so much more
than a common adventurer
could ever hope to!
What are you, every teacher
I had in high school?
Oh, wait, you just kind of threw
that out there,
but is that more
of your patented "Godly Advice"?
[MAN-GOD]
Sure. You could say that. [hums]
You do this thing where
literally everything you say
-sounds suspicious and creepy.
-[MAN-GOD] Sorry!
But you really should listen
this time.
I'm giving it to you
as straight as I can.
If you set out for Begaritt now,
you will most assuredly
regret it.
[RUDEUS]
Really. Why?
Can't tell you!
[RUDEUS]
Of course you can't.
Well, this isn't the first time
you've kept something important
from me,
but you've got to realize
that this whole interdimensional
man of mystery thing
doesn't exactly make
a strong argument
for whatever you're trying
to get me to do.
I'd love
to take time for myself,
but I'd much rather find
the rest of my family first.
[MAN-GOD]
I see.
Well, why don't I put it to you
another way?
This ought to be good.
[clears throat]
Rudeus!
Enroll in the Ranoa University
of Magic,
and investigate
the Displacement Incident
with their abundant resources!
[gasps]
If you do,
You shall once again regain
your manly potency
and, more importantly,
your pride!
Oh! Really?
Are you saying
that just by going to school,
I can cure
my erectile dysfunction?
-You are, right?
-[MAN-GOD] Your pride!
[snoring]
[RUDEUS]
Ah.
[RUDEUS] Sure enough,
not a peep from the peen.
-[Rudeus gasps]
-[Elinalise mumbling]
[Elinalise snoring]
Well, okay, if it'll get better.
[bird chirping]
-[wing flapping]
-[bird chirping]
[RUDEUS]
Thank you for everything.
Good luck, kid.
Take care of yourself.
[scoffs]
[RUDEUS]
Sol, I really appreciate you.
[SOLDAT]
Huh?
I don't know how
I can ever repay all the things
that you and your party
have done for me.
[RUDEUS]
He may not want to admit it,
but he's taken
really good care of me
these last couple of years.
In fact,
I've made pretty nice money
exploiting your ass.
So, thanks for that.
Anyway, safe travels.
Go get cured.
[RUDEUS]
Yeah. I'll try.
[SOLDAT]
Good.
Well, I'm sure
we'll have business
over in Ranoa one of these days.
And when that happens,
we ought to go
drinking and whoring again,
just the two of us.
Hm.
[grunts and chuckles]
[RUDEUS]
And so,
I set out
for the Kingdom of Ranoa.